Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is applicable  Entertainment Edition app (hereinafter referred to as “Application”) for mobile devices, which was developed by ANTO ENERGY(hereinafter referred to as “Service Provider”) as a an Ad Supported service. This service is provided “AS IS”.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
What information do users provide to the Application?

The Application acquires the information you supply when you download and register the Application. Registration with the Service Provider is not mandatory. However, bear in mind that you might not be able to utilize some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with them.

The Service Provider may also use the information you provided them to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
What information does the Application collect automatically?

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Does the Application use Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies?

The Application does not use Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to process your data or provide features.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request ;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?

You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
What is the data retention policy and how can you manage your information?

The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. The Service Provider will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like the Service Provider to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at lhhaini@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.


If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at lhhaini@gmail.com.